---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=60% blur=100px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/decentfox/freeauth-api
---

#title
Make authentication and authorization easy and free.

#description
FreeAuth - Python Authentication and RBAC Solution.

#extra
  ::list
  - Easy to integrate and friendly to use
  - Start from a README, explore more with complete documents
  - Provide the best user experience and developer experience
  - Implement the business logic directly in the database
  - Support a variety of organizational structures
  - Adopt Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) mechanism
  - and, a lot of oncoming out of the box features... 
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - git clone git@github.com:decentfox/freeauth-api.git
  - cd freeauth-api
  - make setup
  - make dev
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=-200px width=50rem top=10rem blur=180px}

#default
  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-rocket-launch}
  #title
  EdgeDB * FastAPI
  #description
  [EdgeDB](https://edgedb.com), a graph-relational database, is one of the most disruptive technologies these years. Using its own query language, EdgeQL, developers can implement most business logic in the database. Based on EdgeDB and FastAPI, FreeAuth offers a highly efficient backend development experience.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-room-preferences}
  #title
  Login Box Customization
  #description
  From your brand logo to the primary color, customize almost everything about your login box - all without writing any new code. To improve security, allow users to authenticate with SMS or email as their second authentication factor, and more ways will be released in the future.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-face-retouching-natural}
  #title
  User Management
  #description
  Store user details and credentials and record four types of events: sign-up, sign-in, sign-out, and change password. Each user has a profile page where you can get deeper insights into who they are and what they did in a simple and easy-to-use management interface.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-account-tree}
  #title
  Organizational Structure
  #description
  For advanced requirements, a flexible organizational structure can be easily set up. Users can be separated into different containers to run with different business logic by assigning to different organization types, such as inner group, supplier, etc.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-admin-panel-settings}
  #title
  Role-Based Access Control
  #description
  To implement dynamic access control, assign permissions to users based on their roles within an organization, which creates a simple, manageable approach to access management that is less prone to error than assigning permissions to users individually.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:twotone-branding-watermark}
  #title
  Single Sign On (on the way)
  #description
  Single Sign On will be released in the next version. It allows users to simply log in once and use all applications they have been granted access to. By then, FreeAuth can be seen as an independent public service to provide authentication and authorization for multiple applications.
  ::
::
